[18.0][MIG] account_reconcile_restrict_partner_mismatch: Migration to 18.0 (#1)
LucasTran380381/account-reconcile: account_reconcile_restrict_partner_mismatch/readme/CREDITS.md

> The migration of this module from 13.0 to 14.0 was financially supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration of this module from 16.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
```

Reviewer 2: This should not be changed. we need to add a new line for `The migration of this module from 16.0 to 18.0 was financially supported`
